PEGI 12
hey my name is Julian Garrity and I'm
the creative director on the crew a
brand new game that seeks to redefine
the jaw with its unique social approach
to driving in a massive open world
filled with life so in this video we're
gonna be following one player through
his adventures throughout the USA now
he's going to be upgrading his car
changing it customizing it to exactly
the type of challenge and terrain that
is gonna be facing he's also gonna be
recruiting some friends into his crew
who's the last mission he does he's
gonna need all the help you can get and
the crew we really want players to
develop an attachment to their vehicle
so they'll be able to tune them with
nearly unlimited combinations and bring
them to their limits on the terrain
customization allows to improve car
performance and adapted to a variety of
terrains it also allows you to stand out
because your vehicle will be absolutely
unique browsing through the different
types of car we have in our collection
we now choose the spec that's best
suited for the next challenge we want to
perform which will be on a dirt terrain
we get access to mods that allow us to
tweak the gameplay rules to each
player's style of driving let's go for a
braking perk that's always useful now
what if we go test this new spec on
their steep hills of a coal mine there's
a friend already playing there so we're
going to ask him to join our crew now we
can perform the follow skill together
the more time we stay on the line the
more rewards each one of us is going to
work on this type of track and for this
type of challenge choosing the brake mod
was well advised the crew offers an open
playground filled with missions and
activities that allow us to level
accomplishing that skill challenge
grants us with cash XP points and a
random car park now let's see if we can
recruit a third member to our group
maybe by exploring the Miami area he's
our friend ready to jump into a mission
why not race it with it this is an epic
highway race competing in it as a crew
obviously gives us more chances to
succeed
as our crew wins the race the player
with the best performance is celebrated
and earns more cash more XP so there's
an interesting competitive aspect to
team play
this new challenge is now trun - in the
grassy fields of the Midwest so we need
a raid spec car inspired by the patty
Dekker vehicles this mission is a
perfect example of the crews unique
driving experience
it's a breathless race in a fully open
world where every player is free to
drive his customized car and to choose
his path on a variety of terrains
imagine this on the scale of an entire
country the whole of the USA and how it
draws players to unlimited an unexpected
driving adventures constantly meeting
other players challenging them or even
recruiting this concludes our video
thanks a lot for watching